# Chattermon: Gotta Chat'em All

## Team

  - James Terry
  - Chris Messer
  - David Kumarbai
  - Thomas Parker

## Table of Contents

1. [About](#about)
1. [Usage](#usage)
1. [Requirements](#requirements)
1. [Development](#development)
    1. [Installing Dependencies](#installing-dependencies)
    1. [Tasks](#tasks)
1. [Roadmap](#roadmap)
1. [Contributing](#contributing)
1. [Documentation](#documentation)

## About
Chattermon is a terminal based Pokemon battle system. Players create an account, then start of join a game. Games consist of two players, each assigned three Pokemon at random. Players can either `attack` to damage the opponents Pokemon or switch Pokemon with `choose <pokemon>`. A player wins by defeating each of their opponents Pokemon. Players can also chat with each other.

## Usage

Play it live on https://chattermon-staging.herokuapp.com

## Requirements

- Node 8.2.x
- React 16.1.x
- Postgresql 9.6.x
- npm 5.4.x

## Development

1. Fork the repo from greenfield-jupiter/greenfield-project on github.
2. Clone down your fork
  ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/<username>/greenfield-project.git
  ```
2. Move into the repo after its been cloned onto your machine by typing the following command.
  ```sh
    cd greenfield-project/
  ```
3. Follow the instructions in the 'Installing Dependencies' section.

### Installing Dependencies

From within the root directory:

```
npm install
```
### Start Development

If `./client/dist/bundle.js` exists, delete it.

Run the following script to start the local server
```
npm run start-dev
```

#### Why delete `bundle.js`?

The `start-dev` npm script automatically generates a `bundle.js` file as you develop, but does not save it. If there is a saved `bundle.js` file, your browser will use it instead of the autogenerated one, which has all the changes you want as you develop. `bundle.js` is created and saved when chattermon is built, which happens during `npm install`.

### Roadmap

View the project roadmap [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cdVM25fZtM5FbvYwwBRCHvTYupI5Z7EcVNIZzA4A5s8/edit)


## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for contribution guidelines.

## Documentation

In addition to documentation here, you will find extensive documentation within the application's files.
